JavaScript tracing docs refactor (#12769)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/javascript/common/tracing/index.mdx

## Configure

<PlatformSection supported={["javascript"]}>
  Enable tracing by configuring the sampling rate for transactions. Set
  the sample rate for your transactions by either:
</PlatformSection>

<PlatformSection notSupported={["javascript"]}>
  Enable tracing by setting the sample rate for your transactions.
</PlatformSection>

<PlatformContent includePath="performance/configure-sample-rate" />

> - You can set a uniform sample rate for all transactions using the <PlatformIdentifier name="traces-sample-rate" /> option in your SDK config to a number between `0` and `1`. (For example, to send 20% of transactions, set <PlatformIdentifier name="traces-sample-rate" /> to `0.2`.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can establish a uniform sample rate for all transactions by setting the <PlatformIdentifier name="traces-sample-rate" /> option in your SDK config to a number between `0` and `1`. (For example, to send 20% of transactions, set <PlatformIdentifier name="traces-sample-rate" /> to `0.2`.)
```
